many of you have seen my story of stuff
critique I also learned a few weeks ago
that there will be a story of bottled
water and the story of stuff book was
just released I'm almost done with the
book and it is rather depressing a know
that some compassionate teacher is going
to want to bring this book into the
classroom just like the story of stuff
video however one encouraging part of
the book is that Auntie Leonard said
that the purpose of the video and the
book is to have a discussion on the
issue I assume that allows for
discussion with people who disagree with
its message so i went to auntie
Leonard's book signing to have her sign
my book challenger to debate the merits
of her work at any university in the
country and to offer her two gifts my
favorite book Thomas Souls basic
economics a common sense guide to the
economy third edition signed by me and
one enjoy capitalism t-shirt here's how
it went yeah um just let you know
section when I personally thank you
because you've been my own personal
stimulus package
the last couple years I've actually made
the critique on the story of stuff and I
I read I'm almost done with your book
and you talked about that you know you
do welcome debate you're welcome
discussion and I was curious if you may
be any university the country collect to
debate the merits the parts your book or
you wrote in your book that capitalism
and its current state is unsustainable
what you wanted to make that or to have
a discussion on that publicly because up
I used to work at for environmental
lobbying organization actually on the
bottle of water issue fighting messily
in Michigan and I just felt after some
time that I was on the wrong side the
issue and so I thought maybe get some
kind of perspective on this yes it'd be
happy to do it one cup of criteria bout
my debate shirt 90s retro I like my
debates to be a civil and respectful and
I like doing fact-based absolutely and I
don't among young turks ease their
America and it was a very friendly a
debate certain issue so I'm very
comfortable let's uh Catherine
absolutely thank you a virgin afterwards
I had a friendly discussion with members
of the audience her staff and Danny
however any seem to think i have a lack
of compassion which couldn't be further
from the truth so let's see if Annie
will prove the late William F Buckley
Ron